the beginning of the Iraq war was a
moment that no American will ever forget
nine years later we remember those who
gave their lives and honor the sacrifice
of all the brave women and men who have
served our country in 2008 Barack made a
promise that as president he would bring
the Iraq war to a responsible end he
kept his word when he took office more
than 140,000 troops were stationed in
Iraq this past December the last of our
soldiers came home welcome home now that
our service members are home we are
doing everything we can to support our
veterans and their families in the
challenging transition to civilian life
Barack expanded the Veterans Affairs
budget and made it possible for more
than five hundred thousand veterans
previously denied care to become
eligible for VA health care and he
streamlined the claims process to ensure
that our veterans get the high quality
benefits and services that they've
earned and get those services more
quickly Barack helped pass tax credits
to encourage small businesses to hire
our wounded warriors we also know that
when our men and women in uniform are
called to serve their families serve
right alongside them that's why we've
been working to expand employment
opportunities job training programs and
wellness services for military spouses
and families the folks who bear the
greatest burden of their loved ones
deployment in the end we all have an
obligation to support those who have
served our country so selflessly from
our veterans with special health needs
to all those seeking to join the
civilian workforce to families coping
with the grief of losing a loved one so
I hope you'll join me in standing up for
all those who have served visit Barack
Obama calm / veterans to get involved
and to learn about all the ways your
president is working to support our
veterans and military families
thank you